[DEV-2008] Add the new 'is_duplicate' param description and general fixes (#51)
cielo24/Docs: api/source/job_control/add_media_to_job.rst

|                  | `Example`        | ``media_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.domain.com%2Fvideo.mp4``     |
+------------------+------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

**Query String Parameters** — Optional `(when adding media from URL)`

+------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name             | Details                                                                      |
+==================+==================+===========================================================+

> | is_duplicate     | `Description`    | Bypass the ducplicate detection settings                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| is_duplicate     | `Description`    | Allow creating a job with the same settings that another job (duplicated job) |
```

Reviewer: ducplicate  -> duplicate

Author: Addressed

|                  +------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

> |                  | `Allowed Values` | Boolean                                                   |

Reviewer: Is boolean case insensitive? Maybe you can make this explicit

Author: It is not case-sensitive, addressed
